| Key          | Value                                                                                                |
|--------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Date:        | 02/04/2024                                                                                           |
| Time:        | 16:45-17:30                                                                                          |
| Location:    | DW PC1 Cubicle 14                                                                                    |
| Chair        | Mihnea Nedelcu                                                                                       |
| Minute Taker | Fayaz Wagid Hosain                                                                                   |
| Attendees:   | Amanda Andree, Horia Găliţianu, Martijn van Leest, Iulia Slănină, Fayaz Wagid Hosain, Mihnea Nedelcu |  


# Agenda Items:
- Opening by chair (1 min)
- Check-in: How is everyone doing? (1 min)
- Good
- Announcements by the team (1 min)
- No announcements
- Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions? (1 min)
- No additions 
- Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting? (1 min)
- Everyone read them
- Announcements by the TA (4 min)  
- This week deadline teamwork self reflection on friday on brightspace, formative assignment graded by our TA.
- April 12 done with coding/assignment
- AID model is hard pass/fail
 

- Presentation of the current app to TA (3 min)
- Event overview overhaul
- Editing expenses
- Tag are done
- Filtering expenses
- Settle debts is done
- Email sending works
- Long polling
- Add/edit participant overhaul
- Deleting entity deletes dependencies, gets no tag if it is a tag
- JSON dump works
- Add new language button

- Action points of last week - How was it? (8 min)
    - Prototype? How was it?
    - Amanda, Horia and Martijn went over it. It is in very early stages. It went ok.
    - Fix warnings : Amanda, Horia 
    - Amanda fixed the warnings. The warnings are gone.
    - Make it so only recently visited events shown on main page : Martijn
    - Not implemented yet. Martijn is still planning on doing it. 
    - Sorting event by date:
    - We need to still think about it. We could add another Date attribute to event.
    - Adapt page template : Martijn
    - Martijn made the whole app in fullscreen. Martijn made also some overview changes. Template is the same.
    - Translating pages : Mihnea
    - Mihnea could not get to it. He will do it this week. Martijn will be available to help.
    - Admin back button : Mihnea
    - Mihnea forgot about it. He will get to it this week.
    - Fix addExpenses functionality : Amanda
    - Add expenses work fully.
    - Testing with dependency injection : Amanda
    - Amanda tested some classes.
    - We need to implement three types of testing: Indirect input/output with Spy. Refer to slides. Don't make a bot to test the client. Test logic in client with regular classes with normal unit tests (Seperate the logic from the Ctr?). Don't refactor whole client. 
    - One test at the client is sufficient. Do not worry too much about it.
    - Color scheme : Fayaz, Amanda
    - Amanda and Fayaz will choose some schemes and send a poll to the groupchat. We need to implement seperate css files.
    - Long polling implementation : Fayaz
    - Done, works fully
    - Ability to create new language for language switch - Iulia
    - Done, works fully
    - Currency : Horia and Martijn discussion
    - They have made a decision. They will calculate exchanges artificially. Current value in euros gets saved at creation. We will store in euros and translate when requested. 
    - Everything will be the same currency, no mixing. Currency is a choice when creating an expense. Translating back will be at current exchange rate. Martijn and Horia will talk about it some more.
    - Anyone do anything extra?
    - Martijn made milestones with issues. With mr and issues, we need to commit enough per mr. Also make no commit/mr too small. Make descriptive titles for commits. 

- Talking points: (Inform/Brainstorm/Decision-making/Discuss) ( 15 min)
  - editing/deleting expenses/participants: How is it right now? Is it working properly? Does everybody agree?
  - It is done. 
  - admin functionality : accessing events, sorting events
  - We still have to do it. Along with some other basic requirements. 
  - To do: Sorting, Creation Date.
  - fix amount of expense - double to 2 decimals
  - To do: Change currency, 2 decimals, 
  - HCI assignment elements:
    -  Keyboard shortcuts - exists, needed on every page
    - To do: 
    -  Undo actions - how?
    - You should be able to undo updates to expenses. You can 'forget' actions when switching events. We could do it with a stack.
    - To do: Make undo button. (very low priority)
    -  error messages and confirmation for key actions - exist, need everywhere
  - email configuration to be in config file
  - The passwords and email belong to the users not to us (the developers/our group). The email should be in the cc. 
  - To do: Feedback when sending email. Change config to use user email, grey out email stuff if credentials are invalid, 
    - check config email option - send email to itself
    - invitation email to contain server url and invite code
    - automatically add participants who got sent an email
    - Already done by Iulia
    - autogenerated email when event is closed (I think is done?)
  - UI improvements
    - update participants page
    - Already updated by Martijn. Styling still needs to be done.
    - settle debts page
    - Styling still needs to be done.
    -
    
  - fix errors when booting client
  - Already fixed by Amanda
  - scrollPane issues (expense and participant checkboxes)
  -  Black border of expense goes away sometimes -> happens with scrollpane.
  -  To do: Fix border dissapearing (very low priority)
  - assure good understanding of project for everyone : talk about independent tasks - when?
  - Skipped because lack of time

- Summarize action points: Who, what, when? (4 min)
- Add error messages (Everyone)
- Make issues (Martijn)
- Recently visited events (Martijn)
- Discuss currency implementation more (Martijn, Horia)
- Translating pages (Mihnea)
- Admin back button (Mihnea)
- Colorscheme (Fayaz, Amanda)

- To dos to be divided this week: 
- Sort event by date in admin page
- Testing client 
- 2 decimals for expenses/debts
- Undo button (low priority)
- Disable email functionality when invalid credentials
- Test email
- Feedback when sending mail
- Style the client
- Fix black border dissapearing in scrollpane (low priority)

- Feedback round: What went well and what can be improved? (3 min)
- Great transitions Mihnea! 
- Planned meeting duration != actual duration? Where/why did you mis-estimate? (1 min)
- Pretty accurate meeting duration
- Question round: Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? (3 min)
- No questions
  - Chair & Minute taker for next week
  - Martijn will be chair
  - Iulia will be minutetaker
- Closure (1 min)
