| Key | Value                                                                                                |
| --- |------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Date: | 05/03/2024                                                                                           |
| Time: | 16:45-17:30                                                                                          |
| Location: | DW PC1 Cubicle 14                                                                                    |
| Chair | Fayaz Wagid Hosain                                                                                   |
| Minute Taker | Mihnea Nedelcu                                                                                       |
| Attendees: | Amanda Andree, Horia Găliţianu, Martijn van Leest, Iulia Slănină, Fayaz Wagid Hosain, Mihnea Nedelcu |  


# Agenda Items:
- Opening by chair (1 min)
- Check-in: How is everyone doing? (2 min)
        - Team is doing great!
- Announcements by the team (1 min)
- Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions? (2 min)
- Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting? (2 min)
  - All good, no issues
- Announcements by the TA (4 min)
    - Knockout criteria faliure doesn't count for week 2 (for consecutive weeks, for total 7 * weekly contribution it still counts)
    - Buddycheck - deadline friday (follow model from lecture)
    - Tasks & Planning graded -> check rubric
- Presentation of the current app to TA (4 min)
    - Now can add events through db
    - Overview of event
    - Server side code shown
    - All good
- Action points of last week (7 min)
    - Splitting tasks (Iulia) -> How was it?
        - Good, no reported issues
    - Database connection (Fayaz and Mihnea) -> Is it clear?
        - Clear, task was shorter than expected (1 person could have done it)
    - Did we decide on app design?
        - Yes, anyone should add people, not just admins
    - Restructuring and rewriting classes and writing tests (Martijn and Amanda) -> Everything done?
        - All done, there were some minor issues with checkstyle but nothing major
    - Are we done with the database schema? (Horia, Amanda, Martijn)
        - Done, the three had a small meeting and finished everything
    - Did we choose a color palette?
        - Not yet, not a priority though
    - Did anybody do extra stuff?
        - Horia did front page, Iulia added issues to git 
- Talking Points: (Inform/ brainstorm/ decision-making/ discuss)
    - TA-specific (1 min)
        - In memory database enough?
            - Yes
    - Team-specific (6 min)
        - Do we want to improve the coc?
            - No, pretty useless
        - Long or Integer for id?
            - Long, geeks4geeks inspired choice
        - Are we happy with how it is going? Yes!
        - Do we require every merge request to be reviewed and approved?
            - Only for important merges (checkstyle, javadoc etc not needed)
        - Do we want rules to ensure everyone reaches the knock-out criteria?
            - Yes, but we communicate openly on WhatsApp group if any issues arise
        - Does everyone (mostly) know how the project works (on a technical level)?
            - Yes, Mihnea still has small gaps, he will ask if unsure
    - Planning of upcoming 8 weeks (5 min)
        - Cleaning up the database
            - Iulia will do it
        - Next week focus: making sure the front end works -> issues
        - Division of work -> making issues
            - Iulia offered to create them
        - Figure out admin account
            - Horia will do it
        - Figure out config file
            - Martin will do it
- Summarize action points: Who , what , when? (3 min)
    - Martin will work on config files, Horia will work on admin account, Iulia will clean up the database, the rest will work on issues
- Feedback round: What went well and what can be improved next time? (3 min)
    - Very nice meeting, Fayaz has a calming voice
- Planned meeting duration != actual duration? Where/why did you mis-estimate? (1 min)
    - Pretty accurate, off by a couple of minutes
- Question round: Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? (3 min)
    - Chair & Minute taker for next week
      - Iulia - chair
      - Martin - minute taker
    - Meeting in week 5? - to be decided
    - Do issue weights matter? 
      - Not really, should reflect its estimated time
- Closure (1 min)
  - Bye!


