| Key | Value                                                                                                       |
| --- |-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Date: | 19/03/2024                                                                                                |
| Time: | 16:45-17:30                                                                                               |
| Location: | DW PC1 Cubicle 14                                                                                     |
| Chair | Iulia Slanina                                                                                             |
| Minute Taker | Martijn van Leest                                                                                  |
| Attendees: | Amanda Andree, Horia Găliţianu, Martijn van Leest, Iulia Slănină, Fayaz Wagid Hosain, Mihnea Nedelcu |  


# Agenda Items:
- Opening by chair (1 min)
- Check-in: How is everyone doing? (1 min)
- Announcements by the team (1 min)
- Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions? (2 min)
    technology and code review results
- Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting? (2 min)
- Announcements by the TA (4 min)
    The course wants all groups to focus more on sprint planning and reviewing: look at past meeting, discuss action points (we already kind of do that), call it sprint review from now on
    More focus on planning side for issues of coming week, divide tasks during meeting so next meeting we can discuss them.
    Buddycheck review out, you can see feedback from other people, check that out!
    CHI (usability stuff, colorblindness) and testing rubric this week 
    End of next week (7), submit some sort of product pitch, could be a video, could be slides or poster. Exam: first 10 min we present app.
    Making a 'prototype' powerpoint seems like the way to go, as we'll use the improved version for the oral exam.
- Presentation of the current app to TA (3 min)
- Action points of last two weeks (7 min)
    - Cleaning up the database (Iulia)
        Went alright, turns out we just had to delete database from local version so it gets updated correctly.
    - Fixing the API endpoints (Iulia and Martijn)
        All API endpoints work now, together with the balance
    - Figure out admin account (Horia)
        Succesfull, admin works correctly for now. We need to be able to sort events by filters
    - Figure out config file (Martijn)
        Works correctly.
    - GitLab issues (Iulia)
        Issues are a bit ambiguous. We should maybe assign the tasks instead of people 'picking them up' so it does not feel as optional.
    - Working on the issues (Everyone)
    - Front-end (Everyone)
    - Did anybody do extra stuff?
- Talking Points: (Inform/ brainstorm/ decision-making/ discuss)
    - TA-specific (2 min)
        - Attendance next week (Iulia and Horia)
            Iulia will not be here next week (most likely also not online). The week after, Horia will not be here physically.
        - Product pitch
            It is part of the oral examination. The rubric can be followed to see what the powerpoint must entail
    - Team-specific (15 min)
        - HTTP responses or IllegalArgumentException in api?
            Fayaz changed everything to the correct responses.
        - Did everyone pass the BuddyCheck?
            Formative so it does not really matter.
        - Long or long?
            Martijn will change it to long.
        - Feedback for technology
            Issue for applying feedback of the Technology
            Websockets or long polling both need to be implemented at least once, Fayaz will give it a shot.
        - Backlog tasks:
            - Email notification
                Iulia would like to give it a shot and Amanda worked on it already, so they'll figure it out together
            - Edit participant, remove participant
                Horia will take a look at this
            - Edit event, remove event
                Horia will take a look at this
            - join event by invite code
                just use DB eventId for joining, Amanda will figure this out.
            - Expenses
                We need a table and the capability to filter stuff. Also add date attribute.
                Also work out currency stuff
                For currency: need to figure out exchange rate stuff
                Amanda works on addExpense and makes the table (Mihnea) that are showed in there.
                And will figure it out together with Horia.

            - Open Debts page
                Iulia will work on it.
            - Statistics
                Martijn will work on the statistics scene
            - Websockets...
                Fayaz will take a look at this
            - Color of tag
                Amanda will take care of it
        - Responsive front-end -> yes or no?
            TA will check
        - A better division of tasks

- Summarize action points: Who , what , when? (3 min)
    - Change Long to long this week - Martijn
    - Figure out how to work with websockets and long polling and implement 
    it at least at 1 place in our api endpoints - Fayaz
    - Figure out how to email people for inviting them to events - Amanda and Iulia
    - Create a scene & code for editing and removing participants from events - Horia
    - Create a scene & code for editing and removing events - Horia
    - Finish scene & coding (with interacting with DB) for editing and removing expense - Mihnea 
    - Figure out how to make invite code work (which is just DB eventId) - Amanda
    - Create a table for the expenses to be represented in in Event Overview - Mihnea
    - Create front-end for using addExpense so expenses can be added to an event - Amanda
    - Figure out filtering and other details involved with expense - Amanda and Horia
    - Create Open Debts page - Iulia
    - Create statistics page - Martijn
    - Fix the color part of the tag class - Amanda

- Feedback round: What went well and what can be improved next time? (3 min)
    Meeting was a bit longer then expected, but as we had not seen eachother in 2 weeks this can be excused.
- Planned meeting duration != actual duration? Where/why did you mis-estimate? (1 min)
- Question round: Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? (3 min)
    - Chair & Minute taker for next week
    Amanda is minute taker Horia is chair in week 7.
    Fayaz will be minute taker Mihnea will be chair in week 8.
- Closure (1 min)


