| Key | Value                                                                                                       |
| --- |-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Date: | 26/03/2024                                                                                                |
| Time: | 16:45-17:30                                                                                               |
| Location: | DW PC1 Cubicle 14                                                                                     |
| Chair | Horia Galitianu                                                                                            |
| Minute Taker | Amanda Andree                                                                                 |
| Attendees: | Amanda Andree, Horia Găliţianu, Martijn van Leest, Iulia Slănină, Fayaz Wagid Hosain, Mihnea Nedelcu |  


# Agenda Items:
- Opening by chair (1 min)
- Check-in: How is everyone doing? (1 min)
- Announcements by the team (1 min)
- Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions? (2 min)
- Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting? (2 min)
- Announcements by the TA (4 min)

- Presentation of the current app to TA (3 min)
- Action points of last two weeks (7 min)
    - Change Long to long this week - Martijn
    - Figure out how to work with websockets and long polling and implement 
    it at least at 1 place in our api endpoints - Fayaz
    - Figure out how to email people for inviting them to events - Amanda and Iulia
    - Create a scene & code for editing and removing participants from events - Horia
    - Create a scene & code for editing and removing events - Horia
    - Finish scene & coding (with interacting with DB) for editing and removing expense - Mihnea 
    - Figure out how to make invite code work (which is just DB eventId) - Amanda
    - Create a table for the expenses to be represented in in Event Overview - Mihnea
    - Create front-end for using addExpense so expenses can be added to an event - Amanda
    - Figure out filtering and other details involved with expense - Amanda and Horia
    - Create Open Debts page - Iulia
    - Create statistics page - Martijn
    - Fix the color part of the tag class - Amanda
    - Working on the issues (Everyone)
    - Did anybody do extra stuff?

- Talking Points: (Inform/ brainstorm/ decision-making/ discuss)
    - TA-specific (2 min)
        - Online attendance next week (Horia)
    
    - Team-specific (15 min)
        - As we're getting close to having a fully functional app, we could start looking into more front end stuff
        - Should we adopt a page template?
        - Should we start working on standardizing the pages?  Should we start thinking about improving the way it looks?

        - We didn't have much to show for the HCI assignment, maybe work more on that. (Amanda did the keyboard navigation tho)
        - We should fix the warnings and keep it that way. (and the character error)
        - decide on how to use currency. current idea: everything is in euros, we use a fake exchange rates that changes daily to display the other currencies. maybe currency should be changed from a menu similar to language. IMPORTANT: we use the currency from when the expense was created, not the current one.
        - what currencies should we use?
- Summarize action points: Who , what , when? (3 min)
    - fix warnings and character error
    - JSON Dump
    - Make it so only recent events can be seen on the main page (visited during the same session)
    - currency 
    - Decide on button layout, center the pages so it can be opened in fullscreen
    - adopt the page template
    - translate all pages, or at least the ones not subject to much changing
    - small changes like warnings / you shouldn t be able to submit empty stuff
    - anything else?
        
- Feedback round: What went well and what can be improved next time? (3 min)
- Planned meeting duration != actual duration? Where/why did you mis-estimate? (1 min)
- Question round: Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? (3 min)
    - Chair & Minute taker for next week
- Closure (1 min)


