| Key | Value                                                                                                       |
| --- |-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Date: | 26/03/2024                                                                                                |
| Time: | 16:45-17:30                                                                                               |
| Location: | DW PC1 Cubicle 14                                                                                     |
| Chair | Horia Galitianu                                                                                            |
| Minute Taker | Amanda Andree                                                                                 |
| Attendees: | Amanda Andree, Horia Găliţianu, Martijn van Leest, Fayaz Wagid Hosain, Mihnea Nedelcu |  


# Agenda Items:
- Opening by chair (1 min)
- Check-in: How is everyone doing? (1 min)
- Announcements by the team (1 min)  
No announcements were made by the team. 
- Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions? (2 min)  
No additions were made, the agenda was approved. 
- Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting? (2 min)  
Everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting. 
- Announcements by the TA (4 min)  
This week, we have an important deadline: the product pitch. We're making a powerpoint presentation, considering we'll be using one on the day of the final as well. It needs to be uploaded on thursday evening. After Friday, we'll be graded on the implemented features. This evaluation will focus on the backlog (basic and extra requirements). Noth of the deadlines are formative. 

- Presentation of the current app to TA (3 min)  
**Server Screen:** A dedicated screen alerts you when connected to the wrong server.    
**Multiple Clients:** You can now open multiple clients simultaneously.  
**Websockets Integration:** Websockets functionality has been successfully implemented for add event.  
**Participant Management:** Functions to add, edit, and delete participants are now available.  
**Statistics Page:** A new statistics page has been added for comprehensive data analysis.  
**Tag Management:** You can now manage tags associated with events.  
**Balances:** Easily monitor and manage balances within the application.    
**Transferring Money:** Added functionality to handle money transfers between participants.  
**Email Integration:** Email features have been implemented and are now operational.  
**Event Joining:** Users can now seamlessly join events with the new functionality.  

- Action points of last two weeks (7 min)
    - Change Long to long this week - Martijn   
    Did not happen, currently it is not a priority and might be addressed in the future. 
    - Figure out how to work with websockets and long polling and implement 
    it at least at 1 place in our api endpoints - Fayaz  
    A Websocket has been succesfully implemented for adding Events, and Fayaz will take on long polling this week. 
    - Figure out how to email people for inviting them to events - Amanda and Iulia  
    We can now succesfully email people to invite them to an event. 
    - Create a scene & code for editing and removing participants from events - Horia  
    Works correctly. 
    - Create a scene & code for editing and removing events - Horia  
    Succesful. 
    - Finish scene & coding (with interacting with DB) for editing and removing expense - Mihnea   
    The functionality has been achieved, with some adjustments made to the layout and the addition of the date to the expense. However, there are still some buttons that are not fully operational.
    - Figure out how to make invite code work (which is just DB eventId) - Amanda  
    It works, forgot to add it to the copy field. Will be done this week. 
    - Create a table for the expenses to be represented in in Event Overview - Mihnea  
    The functionality should work, but cannot be tested due to the issue with add expenses not functioning properly.
    - Create front-end for using addExpense so expenses can be added to an event - Amanda  
    The front end is there, we can fetch participants from the DB, but there is an internal server error when trying to add an expense to an event. 
    - Figure out filtering and other details involved with expense - Amanda and Horia  
    Can't be done yet, since we cannot add an expense. We'll do this after we figure out what the bug in addExpense is. 
    - Create Open Debts page - Iulia  
    This is done.  
    - Create statistics page - Martijn  
    This works and is done. 
    - Fix the color part of the tag class - Amanda  
    Originally we wanted to switch imports (from java.awt.Color to javafx.scene.paint.Color)   but this did not work, considering we couldn't persist that color class into the JPA since it doesn't implement serializable. Amanda then made a Color class and tested it herself, but we're switching to a String with the hex in it. 
    - Working on the issues (Everyone)  
    Most people didn't really work on issues other the ones assigned to them and that's fine. 
    - Did anybody do extra stuff?  
    Martijn did the server setter page, and Amanda added keyboard navigation for the HCI assignment. 

- Talking Points: (Inform/ brainstorm/ decision-making/ discuss)
    - TA-specific (2 min)
        - prototype to hand in this week? no info on brightspace? Where / when does it happen?
         During the meeting? where do we submit it?  
         Our prototype should closely resemble the final product, purely because the feedback   will be most representative/useful that way. It should be submitted through Brightspace as an assignment, similar to the format of the final exam. Screenshots should also be included as part of the prototype submission. We don't have to add videos to it, we can just show a demo during the day of the final. 
        - Online attendance next week (Horia)  
        We'll set up a way for Horia to join next week, maybe over a discord or teams call. 
        - Martijn question about server config  
        This ended up being resolved, and therefore he ended up not asking a question. 
    
    - Team-specific (15 min)
        - martijn discussion about server config  
        Once again, this was already resolved. 
        - date vs localdate  
        We'll use date universally, and we will convert to localdate when necessary. When we changed everything to localDate it caused an internal server error. 
        - testing files  
        Testing files shouldn't pose a significant challenge. We'll start by creating our product, and as we progress, we'll start testing as we go so we don't have to do everything in the last week.
        - using dependency injection for testing  
        One or two team members will initially tackle this task, and once they have a clear understanding, they will then explain the process to the rest of the team.
        - As we're getting close to having a fully functional app, we could start looking into more front end stuff
        - Should we adopt a page template?  
        Yes, we will adopt the page template from the original mock app. The top bar with lanuage button on the top right, everything centered, etc. Martijn will tackle this. 
        - Should we start working on standardizing the pages?  Should we start thinking about improving the way it looks?  
        Martijn will do this. 

        - We didn't have much to show for the HCI assignment, maybe work more on that. (Amanda did the keyboard navigation tho)  
        We should start adding warnings/errordialog. 
        - We should fix the warnings and keep it that way. (and the character error)  
        Maybe fix the character by adding an image, 
        - decide on how to use currency. current idea: everything is in euros, we use a fake exchange rates that changes daily to display the other currencies. maybe currency should be changed from a menu similar to language. IMPORTANT: we use the currency from when the expense was created, not the current one.  
        <br>  We'll maintain all amounts in euros, and conversions will occur when viewing expenses. We'll utilize the exchange rate from the time the expense was created, and each expense will include an exchange rate attribute. We ended up not really aggreeing on anything concrete yet, Martijn and Horia will discuss this furter. 
        - what currencies should we use?  
        Euros, CHF, and another currency (which is undecided for now). 
- Summarize action points: Who , what , when? (3 min)
    - fix warnings and character error - Amanda, Horia as support. 
    - JSON Dump - Horia, and Martijn as support. 
    - Make it so only recent events can be seen on the main page (visited during the same session) - Martijn
    - currency - Horia
    - Decide on button layout, center the pages so it can be opened in fullscreen - Martijn
    - adopt the page template - Martijn
    - translate all pages, or at least the ones not subject to much changing - Mihnea
    - small changes like warnings / you shouldn t be able to submit empty stuff - Amanda
    - admin should be able to enter view events and the back button should lead back to the admin page - Mihnea
    - anything else?
      - fix addExpenses - Amanda
      - testing with dependency injection - Amanda
      - color schemes - Fayaz and Amanda 
      - product pitch prototype - Amanda, Horia, and Martijn
      - Long polling - Fayaz
      - Part of the language switch is letting a user be able to generate an empty language template from the language selection, so they can "contribute" a new language. We should allow a user to download the same template (so without the translations of course) that we are using to switch between e.g. Romanian and Dutch. They should be able to download it somewhere and fill it out, but they don't actually have to be able to send it back to us. - Iulia


        
- Feedback round: What went well and what can be improved next time? (3 min)  
The meeting went well, Horia led the meeting well and everything we wanted to discuss was discussed. Apart from the currency conversion. 
- Planned meeting duration != actual duration? Where/why did you mis-estimate? (1 min)
- Question round: Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? (3 min)  
Nothing was added. 
    - Chair & Minute taker for next week  
    Fayaz will be the minute taker and Mihnea will be the chair. 
- Closure (1 min)


