| Key | Value                                                                                                       |
| --- |-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Date: | 26/03/2024                                                                                                |
| Time: | 16:45-17:30                                                                                               |
| Location: | DW PC1 Cubicle 14                                                                                     |
| Chair | Martijn van Leest                                                                                         |
| Minute Taker | Iulia Slănină                                                                                      |
| Attendees: | Amanda Andree, Horia Găliţianu, Fayaz Wagid Hosain, Mihnea Nedelcu, Iulia Slănină, Martijn van Leest |  


# Agenda Items:
- Opening by chair (1 min)
- Check-in: How is everyone doing? (1 min)
  * Everyone is doing well!
- Announcements by the team (1 min)  
- Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions? (2 min)
  * Language Change -> we use a switch, not compatible with adding languages, might need to think about another solution
- Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting? (2 min)  
  * They were good!
- Announcements by the TA (4 min)  
  * Final week, deadline is Sunday because of consistency reasons for the knockout criteria
  * On Friday - Self Reflection, Buddy Check -> no resitting
  * Tips on Mattermost from Kasper, read the assignment carefully
  * Feedback for Self Reflection after the meeting
  * Presentation is next Tuesday, do not be late! Kasper will be there
  * Grading -> they pull the project and look through it 
  * A descriptive "Read Me" would be nice
- Presentation of the current app to TA (3 min)   
  * Looks good!
  * Need to fix the Importing JSON
  * Need to check if it is ok to "close" the event if we Settle Debts
- Action points of last two weeks (7 min)
      
- Add error messages (Everyone)
     * We did not focus on this
     * We need at least 3 informative actions
- Make issues (Martijn)
   * Done, very nice
- Recently visited events (Martijn)
  * Done  
- Discuss currency implementation more (Martijn, Horia)
   * We have to change the checkbox currencies for the expense
- Translating pages (Mihnea)
   * Mostly done! Only some alerts are not properly translated
- Admin back button (Mihnea)
   * Done + filtering by last activity
- Colorscheme (Fayaz, Amanda)
   * Our app is bland, that is ok
   * Color Contrast -> Only if we have time on Friday we might have
   * We do not need to worry about the color of the text in the tags
- Sort event by date in admin page (Fayaz)
 * Done! Mihnea sorted by last activity
 * Clicking on the header of a column sorts it!
- 2 decimals for expenses/debts (Iulia)
   * Done, our balances are * 100
   * It is ok even after conversion
- Undo button (Amanda)
   * It works!!
- Disable email functionality when invalid credentials (Iulia)
   * Buttons are grey and disabled if no credentials
- Test email (Iulia)
- Feedback when sending mail?
  * Need to incorporate email successfully sent message
- Style the client?
  *  Fine for now
- Fix black border dissapearing in scrollpane?
  *  Mihnea fixed it!! He also fixed the checkbox for Editing Expense
- Any other stuff? (Fayaz propagation everywhere)
  * Mihnea -> Admin password
- Talking Points: (Inform/ brainstorm/ decision-making/ discuss)
    - TA-specific (6 min)
        - Closing a thread that handles currency fluctuation
          * Kasper said that we don't necessary need a table which suits the exchange rates of a day, exchange from that day
          Kasper recommended a one way hash function -> date and currency and it gives you the exchange rate
          - -fx css errors, big deal?
            * no big deal :)
        - Feedback on implemented features; some features were present but not graded. Check with Kasper.
            - Deleting events, sorting events, importing/exporting json in Admin page
                * we already talked about that
            - server recompilation; why not pass?
              * UI: change address 
              * Kasper said that it is PERFECT!
              - Expense propagation by Fayaz!
              * You should not need to press the refresh, what Fayaz did is perfect!
            - Basically the whole balance page was skipped?
              * It's ok!
            - To give money from A to B
              * It's ok!
            - Filtering expenses
              * It's ok!
              - When is statistics perfect? no feedback was given.
              * We only need to enhance the front-end
            - All the email criteria
              * Nice!
    - Team-specific (15 min)
        - Feedback on implemented features
            - admin password should be in server output instead of client.
                * fixed
          - Currency
            * Martijn and Horia will talk about it
            * Currency -> Hash map for exchange rates, append a symbol to the string
        - Testing (clientside, behaviour, indirect input/output)
          - Styling with css, color palate
            * Not a priority
          - 10 clients at a time
            * Must check
          - Going through all the rubrics again to look for details
            * Need to go through them again -> all of us will do it
          - Presentation? Or worry about that after friday?
            * Finish our app as fast as possible and worry about it in the weekend
          - Delete Statistics legend --> make colors match?
            * We will remove the legend
          - Update name correctly
            * Done
          - Closed event by settling debts?
            * Done
          - README
            * We will specify what we did
- Summarize action points: Who , what , when? (3 min)   
  * Currency: Horia + Martijn
  * Testing: All of us, but we do NOT want 80%, only if we have a lot of extra time
  * Rubric: We all go through it
  * Presentation: After Friday
  * Friday is our formative deadline for this project
  * Centering Admin and Settle Debts
  * Import JSON: Iulia will look into it and if it doesn't work until Friday Martijn will
- Feedback round: What went well and what can be improved next time? (3 min)  
  * Nice meeting!
- Planned meeting duration != actual duration? Where/why did you mis-estimate? (1 min)
  * Pretty solid
- Question round: Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? (3 min)  
  * Monday, after Linear Algebra: we explain everything we worked on during the project to each other for the exam
  * Statistics -> make it look better, Martijn
  * Excellent rubric -> no bugs, pretty
- Closure (1 min)


