| Key | Value |
| --- | --- |
| Date: | 27/02/2024 |
| Time: | 16:45-17:30 |
| Location: | DW PC1 Cubicle 14 |
| Chair | Martijn van Leest |
| Minute Taker | Horia Găliţianu |
| Attendees: | Amanda Andree, Horia Găliţianu, Martijn van Leest, Iulia Slănină, Fayaz Wagid Hosain, Mihnea Nedelcu |  


# Agenda Items:
- Opening by chair (1 min)
- Check-in: How is everyone doing? (4 min)
    - Welcome Mihnea! What is his status on the project?
- Announcements by the team (2 min)
- Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions? (2 min)
    -
- Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting? (2 min)
- Announcements by the TA (4 min)
- Action points of last week (6 min)
    - Checkstyle (Martijn)
    - Rewriting CoC (Amanda)
    - Formatting CoC into Overleaf (Iulia)
    - Trello TODO-manager (Horia)
    - Did anybody do extra stuff?
- Presentation of the current app to TA (4 min)
- Talking Points: (Inform/ brainstorm/ decision making/ discuss)
    - TA-specific (2 min)
        - Tests counting as line coverage, contradictory to last meeting?
        - Are mocks given open for interpertation?
        - Can one person create multiple participants?
        - Who can remove events?
    - Splitting up the backlog into tasks of 1 sitting (2 min)
        - Applying it to Trello
    - Create a Trello system to stay efficient (2 min)
    - CoC hand-in on Friday: 100% done? (2 min)
    - Database structure: Classes, Conceptual/logical Schema, Creating DB (3 min)
    - Planning of upcoming 8 weeks (2 min)

- Summarize action points: Who , what , when? (3 min)
- Feedback round: What went well and what can be improved next time? (3 min)
- Planned meeting duration != actual duration? Where/why did you mis-estimate? (1 min)
- Question round: Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? (3 min)
- Closure (1 min)
