| Key | Value |
| --- | --- |
| Date: | 27/02/2024 |
| Time: | 16:45-17:30 |
| Location: | DW PC1 Cubicle 14 |
| Chair | Martijn van Leest |
| Minute Taker | Horia Găliţianu |
| Attendees: | Amanda Andree, Horia Găliţianu, Martijn van Leest, Iulia Slănină, Fayaz Wagid Hosain, Mihnea Nedelcu |  


# Agenda Items:
- Opening by chair (1 min)
- Check-in: How is everyone doing? (4 min)
    - Welcome Mihnea! What is his status on the project?
- Announcements by the team (2 min)
- Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions? (2 min)
- Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting? (2 min)
    all good
- Announcements by the TA (4 min)
- Action points of last week (6 min)
    - Checkstyle (Martijn)
    classes need to be rewritten according to checkstyle
    - Rewriting CoC (Amanda)
    CoC is done
    - Formatting CoC into Overleaf (Iulia)
    formatting done
    - Trello TODO-manager (Horia)
    check trello regularly for new tasks / comments on your work
    - Did anybody do extra stuff?
- Presentation of the current app to TA (4 min)
    checking database is not necesarry on pgadmin or such, only trough the client
- Talking Points: (Inform/ brainstorm/ decision making/ discuss)
    - TA-specific (2 min)
        - Tests counting as line coverage, contradictory to last meeting?
        ?
        - Are mocks given open for interpertation?
        could store events that you are a part of in config file
        both options work, we need to choose
        mocks are only guidelines
        - Can one person create multiple participants?
        our choice, we need to be able to explain it
        - Who can remove events?
        either the maker / anyone or everyone can leave for themselves
        - Database server connection
        you can join an instance of a server
        it is possible to start multiple independent servers 
    - Splitting up the backlog into tasks of 1 sitting (2 min)
        - Applying it to Trello
    - Create a Trello system to stay efficient (2 min)
    current system is good enough
    - Database server connection (1 min)
    - CoC hand-in on Friday: 100% done? (2 min)
    - Database structure: Classes, Conceptual/logical Schema, Creating DB (3 min)
    - Planning of upcoming 8 weeks (2 min)
    TA will mention if on track
    shippable product = on main branch, stable, doesn't crash
- Summarize action points: Who , what , when? (3 min)
Tasks:   DB creation Horia , Martijn, Iulia
        Splitting tasks to be doable in one sitting: Iulia
        Database connection: Mihnea and Fayaz
        Restructuring, rewriting classes, writing tests: Martijn, Amanda (needs to happen after DB creation, potentially in week 3)
        Coloure palette, theme, ideas (not a priority): 
- Feedback round: What went well and what can be improved next time? (3 min)
    better meeting (before this one) than last week
    gitlab issues are a big part of our grade
    we should make an issue whenever we assign smthn to someone
    meet to do the DB (Martijn, Horia, Iulia) sometime this week?

extra TA tip:

grade: 25% tasks and Planning   tags, tasks, descriptions of tasks, track time spent on issues, user stories (bullet points in backlog)

- Planned meeting duration != actual duration? Where/why did you mis-estimate? (1 min)
- Question round: Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? (3 min)
- Closure (1 min)

allow to change the server using a box in the config file


