| Key | Value                                                                                                |
| --- |------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Date: | 19/03/2024                                                                                           |
| Time: | 16:45-17:30                                                                                          |
| Location: | DW PC1 Cubicle 14                                                                                    |
| Chair | Iulia Slanina                                                                                        |
| Minute Taker | Martijn van Leest                                                                                    |
| Attendees: | Amanda Andree, Horia Găliţianu, Martijn van Leest, Iulia Slănină, Fayaz Wagid Hosain, Mihnea Nedelcu |  


# Agenda Items:
- Opening by chair (1 min)
- Check-in: How is everyone doing? (1 min)
- Announcements by the team (1 min)
- Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions? (2 min)
- Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting? (2 min)
- Announcements by the TA (4 min)
- Presentation of the current app to TA (3 min)
- Action points of last two weeks (7 min)
    - Cleaning up the database (Iulia)
    - Fixing the API endpoints (Iulia and Martijn)
    - Figure out admin account (Horia)
    - Figure out config file (Martijn)
    - GitLab issues (Iulia)
    - Working on the issues (Everyone)
    - Front-end (Everyone)
    - Did anybody do extra stuff?
- Talking Points: (Inform/ brainstorm/ decision-making/ discuss)
    - TA-specific (2 min)
        - Attendance next week (Iulia and Horia)
    - Team-specific (15 min)
        - HTTP responses or IllegalArgumentException in api? 
        - Did everyone pass the BuddyCheck?
        - Long or long?
        - Feedback for technology
        - Backlog tasks:
            - Email notification
            - Edit event, participant
            - Remove participant
            - join event by invite code
            - Expenses
            - Websockets...
        - Responsive front-end -> yes or no?
        - A better division of tasks
- Summarize action points: Who , what , when? (3 min)
- Feedback round: What went well and what can be improved next time? (3 min)
- Planned meeting duration != actual duration? Where/why did you mis-estimate? (1 min)
- Question round: Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? (3 min)
    - Chair & Minute taker for next week
- Closure (1 min)


