| Key | Value                                                                                                |
| --- |------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Date: | 05/03/2024                                                                                           |
| Time: | 16:45-17:30                                                                                          |
| Location: | DW PC1 Cubicle 14                                                                                    |
| Chair | Fayaz Wagid Hosain                                                                                   |
| Minute Taker | Mihnea Nedelcu                                                                                       |
| Attendees: | Amanda Andree, Horia Găliţianu, Martijn van Leest, Iulia Slănină, Fayaz Wagid Hosain, Mihnea Nedelcu |  


# Agenda Items:
- Opening by chair (1 min)
- Check-in: How is everyone doing? (2 min)
- Announcements by the team (1 min)
- Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions? (2 min)
- Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting? (2 min)
- Announcements by the TA (4 min)
- Presentation of the current app to TA (4 min)
- Action points of last week (7 min)
    - Splitting tasks (Iulia) -> How was it?
    - Database connection (Fayaz and Mihnea) -> Is it clear?
    - Did we decide on app design?
    - Restructuring and rewriting classes and writing tests (Martijn and Amanda) -> Everything done?
    - Are we done with the database schema? (Horia, Amanda, Martijn)
    - Did we choose a color palette?
    - Did anybody do extra stuff?
- Talking Points: (Inform/ brainstorm/ decision-making/ discuss)
    - TA-specific (1 min)
        - In memory database enough?
    - Team-specific (6 min)
        - Do we want to improve the coc?
        - Long or Integer for id?
        - Are we happy with how it is going?
        - Do we require every merge request to be reviewed and approved?
        - Do we want rules to ensure everyone reaches the knock-out criteria?
        - Does everyone (mostly) know how the project works (on a technical level)?
    - Planning of upcoming 8 weeks (5 min)
        - Cleaning up the database
        - Next week focus: making sure the front end works
        - Division of work -> making issues
        - Figure out admin account
        - Figure out config file
- Summarize action points: Who , what , when? (3 min)
- Feedback round: What went well and what can be improved next time? (3 min)
- Planned meeting duration != actual duration? Where/why did you mis-estimate? (1 min)
- Question round: Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? (3 min)
- Closure (1 min)


