| Key | Value |
| --- | --- |
| Date: | 20/02/2024 |
| Time: | 16:45-17:30 |
| Location: | DW PC1 Cubicle 14 |
| Chair | Amanda Andree |
| Minute Taker | Iulia Slănină |
| Attendees: | Amanda Andree, Horia Găliţianu, Martijn van Leest, Iulia Slănină, Fayaz Wagid Hosain |  
  

# Agenda Items:
- Opening by chair (1 min)
- Check-in: How is everyone doing? (5 min)
- Announcements by the team (3 min)
  We wrote a Code of Conduct draft. 
- Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions? (2 min)
  We decided to discuss Checkstyle rules.
- Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting? (N/A, 0 min)
- Announcements by the TA (5 min)
  Git Assignment is due on Friday
  By Sunday every teammate should have 100 lines of code, a merge request, a commit. The specifications are on StudyGuide.
- Presentation of the current app to TA (N/A, 0 min)
- Talking Points: (Inform/ brainstorm/ decision making/ discuss)
    - Code of Conduct (8 min)  
        -> Schedule code of conduct meeting (5 min)  
        We already worked on the Code of Conduct before the meeting.
        -> Division of roles for the code of conduct (3 min) (Taking notes, formatting, finalizing the code of conduct)
        Comments: Everyone should write comments on the text. The deadline is Friday.
        Incorporating the comments into the text: Amanda
        Formatting in OverLeaf: Iulia
    - Looking over the template project together (10 min)
        In the future we will create logical schema for the app.
        We will start by adding more endpoints and front-end java code.
        We will look over the template and decide how to divide the tasks.
    - Checkstyle rules:
        1. Number of parameters in a function < 6
        2. Cyclomatic complexity < 6
        3. Methods should have at most 50 lines of code
        4. Tabs of 4 spaces
        5. We have to comment our code
        6. One line should have at most 100 characters 
        7. Code spacing
        8. We use camelCase
        9. Constants with uppercase letters

- Summarize action points: Who , what , when? (2 min)
  Comments: Everyone should write comments on the text. The deadline is Friday.
  Incorporating the comments into the text: Amanda
  Formatting in OverLeaf: Iulia
  Chair next time: Martijn
  Minute taker next time: Horia
  Everyone should edit the template project until Sunday to exercise and do their commit, merge and 100 lines of code.
- Feedback round: What went well and what can be improved next time? (4 min)
  We want to have a better structured meeting.
  We should not have a meeting before the meeting because of the agenda.
  We should do some research before the meeting and find the resources we will need.
- Planned meeting duration != actual duration? Where/why did you mis-estimate? (1 min)
  Not applicable for this meeting.
- Question round: Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? (3 min)
- Closure (1 min)